Update Silverfrost compiler description. (#302)
fortran-lang/fortran-lang.org: compilers.md

range of supporting software. All standard and many vendor-specific legacy
language features are supported, so that Fortran projects may be any combination
of Fortran 77, Fortran 90 and Fortran 95.
Some features of Fortran 2003 and 2008 have been [added](https://www.silverfrost.com/19/ftn95/support/ftn95_revision_history.aspx).

> There is a free personal edition.

Reviewer: Could you add the information about the supported platforms and architectures if those are available?

Author: According to this page https://www.silverfrost.com/33/ftn95/faq.aspx

> Silverfrost Fortran runs on both 32 and 64-bit Windows. 
> …
> There is only one version of Silverfrost Fortran and it runs on 64-bit Windows just as happily as 32-bit.
> …
> If your programs need huge amounts of memory then turning on 64-bit mode will help you.

I will include the first sentence to this PR.

> Silverfrost Fortran runs on both 32 and 64-bit Windows. There is a free personal edition.

Reviewer: To be consistent with other compiler descriptions. x86 support is implied in a way.
```suggestion
Silverfrost Fortran runs on Windows / x86_64. There is a free personal edition.
```
